all right
man this boy this guy right here has a
pair of the biggest co-hornets when it
comes to shooting big shots man i mean
it's ridiculous i don't think so because
you missed five three point you're all
for five so far and but does that are
you do you hesitate at all after no
thanks for bringing up the bad part
jimmy
but in a way it's a good part because if
i went over five well i would go over
eight to be honest but if i if i missed
five in a row i don't know i think i'd
just say hey somebody else you get a
chance yeah no no no i
these guys right here man and the guys
that'll be out later
they're always with me you know so i'm
always confident no matter what's going
on i know i'm gonna come through for my
guys they've come through for me so many
times so
powell you uh or you are from spain
for those who don't know
actually you know what there's something
that's bothering me because your name is
um like a batman sound effect pow you
know all right yeah
i have something for you i got you a
letter l you put it at the end of your
name
and then it could be like elsa lakers
and you would be paul from now on right
and i think it'll make it easier for us
as america because it keeps it unique
you know i like that uniqueness you like
that you did this we got to clarify
something though yeah we gotta clarify
something because he won't say it okay
his name is powell people keep calling
him paul they call mozart so his name is
not paul it's power thank you yes
so everybody denounces me
saying paul yeah well that's why i'm
saying if you just take this l it could
be paul yeah you know it makes it a lot
easier though
it does but you know i like it without
the l that's what that's right
paul
paul gasol
what happens when you get back to spain
will there be a parade for you is did
they watch everybody watch this
watch i'm so proud of everybody in spain
because it's so hard with the time
change and everything at 3 00 3 4 in the
morning wake up and actually watch the
game and watch us play they were so
excited and so thrilled that we were
able to get this amazing trophy so uh
will women there be enthusiastic about
making making love to you when you get
back home
i'm not i'm not
[Applause]
[Laughter]
and trevor you you played for the
orlando magic does it make it more fun
to beat them since these are the guys
you played with or is it
less fun come on trevor
man to beat them especially on their
home floor
was a indescribable feeling really yeah
there was a team that traded me away you
know so
to come home and beat them
there was a there was a big party last
night and uh did any anyone do too much
celebrating
nah everybody was pretty cool everybody
was all right everybody was cool little
wayne was there yeah
wes is there why is trevor hiding his
face right now
what time did you get up today what time
did you wake up this morning probably
about eleven eleven yeah a.m
yeah yeah yeah
what time i go to sleep yo what time did
you go to sleep six six o'clock in the
morning
what happens on that flight back from
orlando after you beat the you guys you
really didn't have any time to
yourselves necessarily until you got
together i don't think any of us slept
that night we were all nice and excited
no sleep the night out yeah so we got on
the plane and everybody's just excited
you know joking around with each other
and all of a sudden everybody just crowd
you hurt
[Music]
i opened my eye a little bit and
everybody was knocked out so i was like
i'm gonna go back to sleep again
you know they woke up and i want to show
one other um key play from that same
game i think it's from game four here
let's take a look at this and tell
us what is that about what is he doing
what is he doing
no really what is he doing exercising
what is he doing what was that yo
what was that i'd like to see him be
maybe like you know he could be the 12th
man right yeah year he comes out at
halftime he does his treadmill he's
gonna be the mascot we're gonna take a
break when we come out we're gonna bring
out the rest of the guys the lakers are
here
everybody and trevor are here we'll be
right back with the whole rest of the
game
[Applause]
[Music]
the jimmy kimmel live concert series
powered by the pontiac vibe